feat/add-icq-relayer-shutdown-description (#27)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/relaying/icq-relayer.md

```
docker run --env-file .env.example -v /Users/your-user/.neutrond:/keyring -p 9999:9999 neutron-org/neutron-query-relayer
```

## Shutting the Relayer down

> During the execution the Neutron ICQ Relayer receives events from Neutron, reads remote chain's state, and modifies its own state and the Neutron' one. In order to reach a reliable and consistent flow the Relayer is designed the way it finishes initialised interactions with its local storage on received `SIGINT` and `SIGTERM`. It usually takes a fraction of a second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the execution the Neutron ICQ Relayer receives events from Neutron, reads remote chain's state, and modifies its own state and the Neutron' one. In order to reach a reliable and consistent flow the Relayer is designed the way it finishes initialised interactions with its local storage when `SIGINT` or `SIGTERM` signal is received. It usually takes a fraction of a second.
```

Author: what's wrong with the way I wrote it? :)

Reviewer 2: I would just change to `is designed **to finish** initialised ....`

Reviewer: > what's wrong with the way I wrote it? :)

Just suggesting you a little cleaner way to write it.

Actually, we need someone who is at least C1 in English (I guess almost everyone in our team is B1-B2) to proof read our documentation and point out how to write it cleaner.

You are free to close this thread yourself, and, if you do so, I will approve this PR.
